{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red88\green50\blue116;\red240\green197\blue66;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14980\viewh8480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qj

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj

\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\b\fs36 \cf2 What to bring to a Hot Yoga class at YogaFlex.
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\fs36 \cf2 1. Mat\
2. Towels\'a0
\fs28 (both mats and towels are available for rent or purchase)\

\fs36 3. Water Bottle\'a0
\fs28 (water and other refreshments are sold at the front desk in case you forget)\

\fs36 4. A change of clothes\'a0
\fs28 (you will be soaking wet when you're done)\

\fs36 5. A great attitude
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj

\b \cf2 What is Hot Yoga?
\b0 \
\
Hot Yoga is a sequence of yoga postures performed in a heated environment. The increased temperature in the room allows an increase in stretching and flexibility and helps to prevent injury. The hot temperature, combined with the yoga poses means that you will sweat a lot and burn off a lot of calories.\
\

\b What are the benefits of Hot Yoga?
\b0 \
\
Hot Yoga can help to improve flexibility, suppleness and strength. Hot Yoga can also help with the ability to deal with stress and to increase relaxation. Hot Yoga can be a very effective way of losing weight and toning up.\
\

\b At what temperature is Hot Yoga performed?
\b0 \
\
Hot Yoga is typically performed at a temperature of about 100-105 degrees Fahrenheit (38 degrees Centigrade), depending on the humidity of the room.\'a0\
\

\b How many calories does Hot Yoga burn?
\b0 \
\
A typical 90 minute session of Hot Yoga will burn about 350 to 1000 calories, depending on a number of factors, such as your weight, your sex and how strenuously you participate.\
\

\b What do I need to bring to a Hot Yoga class ?
\b0 \
\
Bring your own yoga mat, a towel, water to drink, and very light weight exercise clothing. We rent mats and towels at YogaFlex and sell water in case you don't have these things, or forget them.\
\

\b Can I eat before a Hot Yoga class?
\b0 \
\
Everybody is different but the first time you come - No! Don't eat anything for at least 2 hours before your class - ideally eat nothing 3 hours before your class. Once you get used to coming, you can experiment with eating something light before class and see how your body responds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Can I drink before a Hot Yoga class?
\b0 \
\
Yes! Drink plenty of water before, during and after the class.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
       -,Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday\
6:00am, Hot Silent Hour, Hot Barkan Hour, Hot Silent Hour, Hot Barkan Hour, Hot Silent Hour,-,- \
8:00am, -,-,-,-,-, Hot Yoga, Hot Yoga\
9:30am, Ashtanga, Hot Yoga, Hot Vinyasa, Hot Yoga, Hot Vinyasa,-,-  \
10:00am, -,-,-,-,-, Hot Barkan, Hot Vinyasa\
11:45am, Hot Yoga Hour, Warm Flow, Warm Flow, Warm Flow, Warm Flow,-,- \
12:00pm, -,-,-,-,-, Hot Yoga Hour, Hot Yoga Hour\
3:00pm, -,-,-,-,-,-,-\
4:00pm, Hot Yoga, Warm Power Flow, Hot Yoga, Warm Power Flow, Hot Happy Hour, 1 Hour Barkan, 1 Hour Barkan\
5:30pm,-, Hot Yoga,-, Hot Yoga, 1 Hour Barkan,-,- \
6:00pm, Hour Vinyasa,-, Yoga Boot Camp,-,-,-,-\
8:00pm, 1 Hr Hot Yoga, 1 Hr Hot Barkan, 1 Hr Hot Yoga, 1 Hr Hot Barkan,-,-,-}